docs: improve best practices (#20106)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/best-practices-js.md

  // page is signed in.
});
```

You can also reuse the signed-in state in the tests with [global setup](/auth.md#reuse-signed-in-state). That way you can log in only once and then skip the log in step for all of the tests.

### Write fewer tests but longer tests

When it comes to end to end testing having long tests is not a bad thing. It's ok to have multiple actions and assertions in your test so you can test complete App flows. You should avoid separating your assertions into individual test blocks as it doesn't really bring much value and just slows down the running of your tests. 

If your test does fail, Playwright will give you an error message showing what part of the test failed which you can see either in VS Code, the terminal, the HTML report, or the trace viewer. You can also use [soft assertions](/test-assertions.md#soft-assertions) which do not terminate test execution but mark the test as failed.

```js
// Make a few checks that will not stop the test when failed...
await expect.soft(page.getByTestId('status')).toHaveText('Success');

// ... and continue the test to check more things.
await page.getByRole('link', { name: 'next page' }).click();

> // Avoid running further if there were soft assertion failures.

Reviewer: Let's skip this particular part in the best practices doc. It's a rare usecase.

Author: which part exactly. line 54 only, line 53 to 57 or the whole code block

#### Use `codegen` to generate locators

> To pick a locator run the `codegen` command followed by the URL you would like to pick a locator from.

Reviewer 2: COULD:
```suggestion
To pick a locator run the `codegen` command followed by the URL that you would like to pick a locator from.
```

adding this pronoun might be more appropriate, because the pronoun "that" is referring back to the noun "URL" which is the antecedent. It's more clear and specific.

```bash
npx playwright codegen playwright.dev
```

> This will open a new browser window as well as the Playwright inspector. To pick a locator first click on the 'Record' button to stop the recording. By default running the `codegen` command will start recording a new test based on your user actions in the browser window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will open a new browser window as well as the Playwright inspector. To pick a locator first click on the 'Record' button to stop the recording. By default running the `codegen` command will begin to record a new test based on the users actions in the browser window. 
```
